# 2015-12-17 Release

Pulse SDK for HTML5 and many other SDK improvements

## Pulse SDK for HTML5

In our new range of SDKs, a new Pulse SDK for HTML5 is available, which simplifies integrating with Pulse significantly. The Pulse SDK defines a strict and simple communication protocol, allowing developers to quickly build simple event driven integrations. The Pulse SDK automatically manages:

-   ad tracking,
-   error handling,
-   and prompting the video player to play ads.

The HTML5 Pulse 2.x SDK is available for download on the [Downloads](http://help.ooyala.com/downloads) page, under the Video Advertising heading.

A sample integration is found on [github.com/ooyala](https://github.com/ooyala/pulse-sdk-html5-2.x.sample).

## Secure Tracking URLs Required for Secured Ad Serving in HTML5 2.x SDK

In case you want to securely serve ads to your HTML5 player, you may also want to only allow secure tracking. For this use case, if you initiate the ad requestor in your HTML5 integration with a secure host URL \(HTTPS\), then the SDK dictates that only secure tracking URLs may be used on your site by default.

To override this new security functionality, you must set the ignoreSecure parameter in the adRequesterSettings to 'True'.

## Improved Progress Tracking on Creatives in HTML5 2.x SDK

Previously, to track the progress of a creative, you would use the trackVASTProgress method which required you to know what the offset was and pass it in as a string. This functionality has been simplified with a new method called **trackProgress**, which only needs you to pass in the elapsed time of the creative.

The old method is still available to ensure that existing integrations do not break. For new integrations and upgrades, we recommend the new method.

## Survey Element available in HTML5 2.x SDK and Android 2.x SDK

The optional VAST \(Video Ad Serving Template\) **survey element** is used to store the URI to a survey vendor that could be the survey, a tracking pixel, or anything to do with a survey. The element could be used to display a survey accompanying a specific ad, when that ad is served to the viewer, or the survey might only be activated if the viewer has paused ad playback. For each ad served, there is at most one survey URI available.

Now, the survey element is exposed through the HTML5 and Android 2.x SDKs, which enables customers to handle this element in their integration when it comes in with ads from 3rd party ad providers.

For the HTML5 2.x SDK, the survey element is accessed through **Ad.survey**.

For the Android 2.x SDK, the survey element is accessed through **Ad.getSurvey\(\)**.

## Ad Variant Property Available in iOS 2.x SDK and Android 2.x SDK

The ad variant property tells you if an ad is a sponsor ad or not. In case of a sponsor ad, you may want to announce first that the following show is sponsored by the company in the ad. Now, the ad variant property is exposed through the iOS 2.x SDK and Android 2.x SDK.

For the iOS 2.x SDK, the ad variant property is accessed through **VPAd.variant**.

For the Android 2.x SDK, the ad variant property is accessed through **Ad.getVariant\(\)**.

## Documentation Releases

This release includes the following documentation updates:

The SDK documentation for all the features above is found at [Ad Products SDK API Documentation](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/).

**Parent topic:**[2015 Video Advertising Release Notes](../../oadtech/relnotes/adtech_relnotes_2015.md)

