# 2015-11-26 Release

Ooyala Pulse SSP v1.87

## Ooyala Pulse SSP New URLs

The URLs to connect to Ooyala Pulse SSP are now in line with our new product naming conventions to create a unified family of Ooyala products.

The URL to log into Ooyala Pulse SSP is now: [pulse-ssp.ooyala.com](http://pulse-ssp.ooyala.com/). If you connect to the old URL, you will get redirected to this new URL automatically.

The URL for the reporting side of Ooyala Pulse SSP is now: [pulse-ssp-reporting.ooyala.com](http://pulse-ssp-reporting.ooyala.com/). The old URL for the reporting side does not work anymore.

Due to the URL changes, your login details are not filled in automatically if you had saved them in your browser previously.

## Ooyala Pulse SSP Real Time Reporting Enhancements

New real time reporting metrics are now available for both direct campaigns and RTB.

-   For **Inventory**:
    -   **Impressions**, shown on the placement and channel level real time reporting tab, shows the amount of times a placement or channel has recorded an impression.
    -   **Clicks**, shown on the placement and channel level real time reporting tab, shows the amount of times a placement or channel has recorded a click.
    -   **Video Start**, shown on the placement and channel level real time reporting tab, shows the amount of times a placement or channel has recorded a video start event. \*Only available for video inventory
    -   **Video 100% Completion**, shown on the placement and channel level real time reporting tab, shows the amount of times a placement or channel has recorded a video complete event. \*Only available for video inventory

-   For **Network Connections**:
    -   **Requests**, shown on the connection and goal real time reporting tabs. Shows the amount of request a goal/connection is receiving.

-   For **RTB** \(programmatic\):
    -   **RTB Invalidated**, shown on the real time reporting tab of programmatic buyer, shows the amount of times a programmatic buyer has been invalidated.
    -   **RTB Losses**, shown on the real time reporting tab of programmatic buyer, shows the amount of times a programmatic buyer has lost.
    -   **RTB Second**, shown on the real time reporting tab of programmatic buyer, shows the amount of no times a programmatic buyer has come in second place to a winning bid.
    -   **RTB No Bids**, shown on the real time reporting tab of programmatic buyer, shows the amount of no bids a programmatic buyer has received.

## Documentation Releases

This release includes the following documentation update: [PDF](http://help.ooyala.com/sites/all/libraries/dita/en/video-advertising/pdf/Pulse_SSP_User_Guide.pdf).

**Parent topic:**[2015 Video Advertising Release Notes](../../oadtech/relnotes/adtech_relnotes_2015.md)

