# 2016-04-21 Release

Ability to skip ads and more in native Android apps using the Android Pulse and Core SDKs. HTML5 Ad Player Updates.

## Skipping Ads with the Android Pulse SDK

A number of methods to skip ads have been added to the Android Pulse SDK, the high level SDK for integrating Ooyala Pulse ad serving into your native Android applications. These new methods enable the publisher to implement ad skipping for their viewers, in case the publisher has set up skipping rules in Ooyala Pulse.

These methods are:

-   **PulseVideoAd.isSkippable**: to determine if the current ad may be skipped.
-   **PulseVideoAd.getSkipOffset**: in case the ad may be skipped, this property determines the delay after which the skip button should be shown.
-   **PulseVideoAd.adSkipped**: the event to send in case the viewer activated a close or skip button.

## More Information About Ads and Ad Breaks in the Android Pulse and Core SDKs

A new protocol, providing information about the ad breaks, has been added to the Android Pulse SDK and a method to retrieve the name of an ad has been added to the Android Core SDK. This new protocol and method give the publisher more control over showing ads and more information to use in reports, respectively.

The new protocol, called **PulseAdBreak**, in the Android Pulse SDK gives you information about and control over the current ad break:

-   **getPlayableAdsRemaining**: the number of remaining playable ads in the current ad break.
-   **getPlayableAdsTotal**: the total number of playable ads present in the current ad break.
-   **stopAdBreak**: this event stops ad playback for the current ad break without stopping ad playback for the complete session. For example, if this event is called during the playback of the pre-roll ads, then it does not affect playback of mid-roll ads if they are present in the session.

**Important:** the PulseAdBreak object is passed to the video player when the SDK initiates an ad break \(PulseSessionListener.startAdBreak\). This means that version 2.2.16.8.0 of the SDK is a breaking version. If you want to use the latest version of the SDK in your integration, then you must update your code accordingly.

The new method, called **Ad.getTitle**, in the Android Core SDK gives you access to the title of an ad.

## HTML5 Ad Player Updates

**Flash Ad Requester**

The Flash ad requester circumvents CORS \(cross-origin resource sharing\) issues that the HTML5 Ad Player may have when requesting VPAID 1.0 ads from a 3rd party ad provider. This means that when the HTML5 Ad Player is unable to retrieve the VPAID 1.0 ad, the Flash ad requester takes over automatically.

**Ad Player Skin**

The new method OO.Pulse.AdPlayerController.getSkinElement gives you direct access to the HTML element of the ad player's skin. This allows you to adjust the skin of the ad player to your own needs, when the ad player is available.

**Ad Player Creation Callback**

You now have the possibility to react to an ad player's creation by overriding the new OO.Pulse.adPlayerReady method. This specific method could be particularly useful to adjust the player's skin for the ad player or to use any other plugin with the ad player.

## Documentation Releases

This release includes the following documentation updates:

-   Android Pulse and Core SDKs: [http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/android\_2/latest/](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/android_2/latest/)
-   HTML5 Pulse SDK: [http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/pulse-html5/latest/index.html](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/pulse-html5/latest/index.html)

## Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes

See [Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes](../../concepts/release_notes_subscribe.md) for instructions on how to subscribe for automated notifications of Ooyala release notes.

**Parent topic:**[2016 Video Advertising Release Notes](../../oadtech/relnotes/adtech_relnotes_2016.md)

