# 2016-06-23 Release

Search capability in the Asset Factory in Ooyala Pulse and Pulse Plugin for Brightcove Player.

## Search for Assets in the Asset Factory

In Ooyala Pulse, in the Asset Factory, a new option is available to search for assets by file name. This new functionality makes it easier to reuse existing asset files when creating new ads. The search is not case sensitive.

## Brightcove Player HTML5 Plugin

A new plugin is available to integrate your Brightcove Player version 5.x and higher with Ooyala Pulse for ad serving. This plugin, based on the HTML5 ad player, enables you to create a fast and simple integration, because it automatically takes care of:

-   ad selection,
-   ad playback,
-   ad tracking and error handling,
-   and handling VPAID 1.0 and VPAID 2.0 ads.

The plugin and all its documentation can be found on GitHub: [Ooyala Pulse plugin for VideoJS and Brightcove Player](https://github.com/ooyala/pulse-sdk-html5-2.x-plugin-videojs).

**Note:** This plugin replaces our older [\(Deprecated\) Brightcove Perform Plugin \(HTML5\)](../ad_serving/dg/plugin_bc_perform_html5_deprecated.md) and any customers using the older plugin are recommended to migrate over to this plugin as soon as possible.

## Documentation Releases

This release includes the following documentation updates:

-   For Asset Factory: [Asset Factory](../ad_serving/ug/asset_factory.md)
-   For the Brightcove Player HTML5 plugin: [Brightcove Player HTML5 Plugin](../ad_serving/dg/plugin_brightcove_player_html5.md)

## Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes

See [Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes](../../concepts/release_notes_subscribe.md) for instructions on how to subscribe for automated notifications of Ooyala release notes.

**Parent topic:**[2016 Video Advertising Release Notes](../../oadtech/relnotes/adtech_relnotes_2016.md)

