# 2016-03-10 Release

Ability to skip ads and more in native iOS apps using the iOS Pulse and Core SDKs. Pulse SSP improvements.

## Skipping Ads with the iOS Pulse SDK

A number of methods to skip ads have been added to the iOS Pulse SDK, the high level SDK for integrating Ooyala Pulse ad serving into your native iOS applications. These new methods enable the publisher to implement ad skipping for their viewers, in case the publisher has set up skipping rules in Ooyala Pulse.

These methods are:

-   **OOPulseVideoAd.isSkippable**: to determine if the current ad may be skipped.
-   **OOPulseVideoAd.skipOffset**: in case the ad may be skipped, this property determines the delay after which the skip button should be shown.
-   **OOPulseVideoAd.adSkipped**: the event to send in case the viewer activated a close or skip button.

## More Information About Ads and Ad Breaks in the iOS Pulse and Core SDKs

A new protocol, providing information about the ad breaks, has been added to the iOS Pulse SDK and a method to retrieve the name of an ad has been added to the iOS Core SDK. This new protocol and method give the publisher more control over showing ads and more information to use in reports, respectively.

The new protocol, called **OOPulseAdBreak**, in the iOS Pulse SDK gives you information about and control over the current ad break:

-   **playableAdsRemaining**: the number of remaining playable ads in the current ad break.
-   **playableAdsTotal**: the total number of playable ads present in the current ad break.
-   **stopAdBreak**: this event stops ad playback for the current ad break without stopping ad playback for the complete session. For example, if this event is called during the playback of the pre-roll ads, then it does not affect playback of mid-roll ads if they are present in the session.

**Important:** the OOPulseAdBreak object is passed to the video player when the SDK initiates an ad break \(OOPulseSessionDelegate.startAdBreak\). This means that version 2.2.16.5.0 of the SDK is a breaking version. If you want to use the latest version of the SDK in your integration, then you must update your code accordingly.

The new method, called **VPAd.title**, in the iOS Core SDK gives you access to the title of an ad.

## Programmatic Buyer Creation Improvements in Ooyala Pulse SSP

A new step has been added to the creation process for Programmatic Buyers, allowing you to first pick the type of marketplace you want to create:

-   **Open Market**: to create a marketplace open to all buyers connected to your network. Any new buyers and DSP are automatically added to any open market you have.
-   **Private Market**: to create a marketplace open to a select number of buyers connected to your network. If you add a DSP to the market, then any new buyer with a seat at the DSP is automatically added to the private market.
-   **Deal**: to create a direct deal with a particular buyer.

The subsequent window to complete the creation of the Programmatic Buyer is customised according to the type of marketplace you have selected.

The Programmatic Buyer overview contains a new column called Type, indicating the type of marketplace. From this overview, you can convert a private market into an open market with the **Convert to Open Market** command in the context menu.

## Documentation Releases

This release includes the following documentation updates:

-   [Changelog Document](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/ios_2/latest/docs/Changelog.html) for iOS Pulse and Core SDKs
-   [Ooyala Pulse iOS & tvOS Framework 2.x Reference](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/ios_2/latest/index.html)
-   [Ooyal Pulse SSP User Guide](http://help.ooyala.com/sites/all/libraries/dita/en/video-advertising/pdf/Pulse_SSP_User_Guide.pdf)

## Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes

See [Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes](../../concepts/release_notes_subscribe.md) for instructions on how to subscribe for automated notifications of Ooyala release notes.

**Parent topic:**[2016 Video Advertising Release Notes](../../oadtech/relnotes/adtech_relnotes_2016.md)

