# 2016-07-21 Release

Pause ad support in Android and iOS Pulse SDKs, JW7 plugin, Brightcove Player plugin and VideoJS plugin.

## Pause ads in Android and iOS Pulse SDKs

From versions 2.3.16.14.0, the Android and iOS Pulse SDKs support pause ads.

Pause ad is an ad that is displayed in the video player when the viewer pauses the video content. It is automatically hidden when the content is resumed and can also be closed while content is paused.

To implement the pause ad functionality, the following extra methods and classes are available:

|Android|iOS|Functionality|
|-------|---|-------------|
|contentPaused method in PulseSession class|contentPaused method in OOPulseSession class|Signal to the Pulse SDK that the viewer has paused content playback.|
|showPauseAd method in PulseSessionListener class|showPauseAd method in OOPulseSessionDelegate class|Implement the event handling to show a pause ad coming from the Pulse SDK.|
|PulsePauseAd class|OOPulsePauseAd class|Implement this interface to send all appropriate events related to pause ads to the Pulse SDK.|

To get and display these types of ads, you need to have pause ads enabled and available in your Ooyala Pulse account.

Documentation for the Pulse SDKs is located at [Pulse SDKs](../ad_serving/dg/pulse_sdks_intro.md).

## Pause ads in JW7, Brightcove Player and VideoJS plugins

From versions 1.1, the JW7, Brightcove Player and VideoJS plugins support pause ads.

Pause ad is an ad that is displayed in the video player when the viewer pauses the video content. It is automatically hidden when the content is resumed and can also be closed while content is paused.

The new functionality is automatically available when you load the latest version of these plugins in your integration requiring no additional implementation. To get and display these types of ads, though, you need to have pause ads enabled and available in your Ooyala Pulse account.

Documentation for these plugins can be found at:

-   [JW7 HTML5 Plugin](../ad_serving/dg/plugin_jw7_html5.md)
-   [Brightcove Player HTML5 Plugin](../ad_serving/dg/plugin_brightcove_player_html5.md)
-   [VideoJS HTML5 Plugin](../ad_serving/dg/plugin_videojs_html5.md)

## Documentation Releases

This release includes the following documentation updates:

-   Android 2.x SDK: [Changelog](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/android_2/latest/changelog/)
-   iOS 2.x SDK: [Changelog](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/ios_2/latest/docs/Changelog.html)
-   Pulse SDKs documentation: [Pulse SDKs](../ad_serving/dg/pulse_sdks_intro.md)

## Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes

See [Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes](../../concepts/release_notes_subscribe.md) for instructions on how to subscribe for automated notifications of Ooyala release notes.

**Parent topic:**[2016 Video Advertising Release Notes](../../oadtech/relnotes/adtech_relnotes_2016.md)

