# 2016-07-14 Release

Pause ad support in HTML5 Pulse SDK and Ad Player

## Pause ads in HTML5 Pulse SDK and Ad Player

From version 2.1.16.14.0, the HTML5 Pulse SDK supports pause ads. This also applies to integrations between your web based video player and Ooyala Pulse, which use the [HTML5 ad player](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/pulse-html5/latest/tutorial-ad_player.html).

Pause ad is an ad that is displayed in the video player when the viewer pauses the video content. It is automatically hidden when the content is resumed and can also be closed while content is paused.

The contentPaused method has been added to the OO.Pulse.AdPlayerController object, which should be called when the viewer pauses the video content. This method triggers the display of a pause ad if available. The contentStarted method should be called when the content playback is resumed.

To get and display these types of ads, you need to have pause ads enabled and available in your Ooyala Pulse account.

## Documentation Releases

This release includes the following documentation updates:

-   HTML5 Pulse SDK: [Changelog](http://pulse-sdks.ooyala.com/pulse-html5/latest/)
-   Pulse SDKs Event Sequence: [Event Sequence Scenarios](../ad_serving/dg/pulse_sdks_event_sequence.md)

## Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes

See [Subscribe to Ooyala Release Notes](../../concepts/release_notes_subscribe.md) for instructions on how to subscribe for automated notifications of Ooyala release notes.

**Parent topic:**[2016 Video Advertising Release Notes](../../oadtech/relnotes/adtech_relnotes_2016.md)

